README.md, before:

StringConvert
=============

String conversion extension for the Adobe Brackets Web Editor.

Adobe Brackets:
https://github.com/adobe/brackets

## Features
* Convert to upper case
* Convert to lower case
* Encode HTML entities
* Decode HTML entities
* Convert single quotes to double quotes
* Convert double quotes to single quotes
* Toggle quotes (single to double, double to single)
* Encode URI Component
* Decode URI Component
* Strip Trailing Whitespace : Strips all extraneous whitespace from lines. Useful for cleaning up JavaScript code that needs to pass JSLint.
* Convert Tabs to Spaces
* Convert Spaces to Tabs

## Installation

Place StringConvert in the _brackets-app/brackets/extensions/user/_ directory, and refresh brackets.

## Usage

Select text and then select the command from the _Edit_ menu, or by right clicking and selecting the command from the context menu.

##Releases

### October 3, 2012
 * Added Convert Tabs to Spaces
 * Added Convert Spaces to Tabs
 * Fixed Issue #2 : Double-quote chars not converted to HTML Entities

### September 24, 2012

 * Removed keyboard shortcuts (conflicted with built in Brackets shortcuts, will re-add at a future date).

Created by Mike Chambers  
https://github.com/mikechambers/StringConvert  
mikechambers@gmail.com  


Copyright (c) 2012 Mike Chambers. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

some minor refactoring around menus. Nothing major.

README.md, after:

StringConvert
=============

String conversion extension for the Brackets and Edge Code editors.

Brackets:
https://github.com/adobe/brackets

Edge Code
http://html.adobe.com/edge/code/

## Features
* Convert to upper case
* Convert to lower case
* Encode HTML entities
* Decode HTML entities
* Convert single quotes to double quotes
* Convert double quotes to single quotes
* Toggle quotes (single to double, double to single)
* Encode URI Component
* Decode URI Component
* Strip Trailing Whitespace : Strips all extraneous whitespace from lines. Useful for cleaning up JavaScript code that needs to pass JSLint.
* Convert Tabs to Spaces
* Convert Spaces to Tabs

## Installation

You can install the extension from the Brackets / Edge Code Extension Manager (File > Extension Manager)

## Usage

Select text and then select the command from the _Edit_ menu, or by right clicking and selecting the command from the context menu.

##Releases

### August 20, 2013
 * Some minor refactoring

### October 3, 2012
 * Added Convert Tabs to Spaces
 * Added Convert Spaces to Tabs
 * Fixed Issue #2 : Double-quote chars not converted to HTML Entities

### September 24, 2012
 * Removed keyboard shortcuts (conflicted with built in Brackets shortcuts, will re-add at a future date)

Created by Mike Chambers  
https://github.com/mikechambers/StringConvert  
mikechambers@gmail.com  


Copyright (c) 2012 Mike Chambers. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
